Add ADaaS documentation. (#64)
devrev/fern-api-docs: fern/docs/pages/adaas/data-attachments-deletion.mdx

During the delete phases, the snap-in may clean up its state or other side effects in the third party systems.

> In the most common extraction use cases, there is nothing to do and snap-ins may reply with the completion message.

Author: Fixed.

## Data deletion

### Triggering event

Airdrop initiates the data delete phase when the sync is deleted from DevRev.
It is started by sending the worker a message with event of type `EXTRACTION_DATA_DELETE`.

### Snap-in response

The worker must respond to Airdrop with a message with event of type `EXTRACTION_DATA_DELETE_DONE` when done or
`EXTRACTION_DATA_DELETE_ERROR` in case of an error.

## Attachments deletion

### Triggering event

> Airdrop initiates the attachments delete phase when the sync data is deleted from DevRev.
> It is started by sending the span-in a message with event of type `EXTRACTION_ATTACHMENTS_DELETE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airdrop initiates the attachments deletion phase when an import is deleted from the DevRev app, after the data deletion has completed.
It is started by sending the snap-in a message with an event of type `EXTRACTION_ATTACHMENTS_DELETE`.
```

### Snap-in response

> The snap-in must respond to Airdrop with a message with event of type `EXTRACTION_ATTACHMENTS_DELETE_DONE` when done,
> or `EXTRACTION_ATTACHMENTS_DELETE_ERROR` in case of an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snap-in must respond to Airdrop with a message with an event of type `EXTRACTION_ATTACHMENTS_DELETE_DONE` when done,
or `EXTRACTION_ATTACHMENTS_DELETE_ERROR` in case of an error.
```
